Python is a general-purpose interpreted, interactive, object-oriented, and high-level programming language. 
It was created by Guido van Rossum during 1985- 1990. Like Perl, Python source code is also available under the GNU
General Public License (GPL). This tutorial gives enough understanding on Python programming language.
Python is an easy to learn, powerful programming language. 
It has efficient high-level data structures and a simple but effective approach to object-oriented programming. 
Python’s elegant syntax and dynamic typing, together with its interpreted nature, make it an ideal language for scripting and 
rapid application development in many areas on most platforms.
The Python interpreter is easily extended with new functions and data types implemented in C or C++ 
(or other languages callable from C). Python is also suitable as an extension language for customizable applications.
If you are running new version of Python, then you would need to use print statement with parenthesis as
in print ("Hello, Python!");.
Python variables do not need explicit declaration to reserve memory space. 
The declaration happens automatically when you assign a value to a variable. 
The equal sign (=) is used to assign values to variables.
The operand to the left of the = operator is the name of the variable and the operand to the right of the = operator is 
the value stored in the variable.
Python language supports the following types of operators.
     Arithmetic Operators
    Comparison (Relational) Operators
    Assignment Operators
    Logical Operators
    Bitwise Operators
    Membership Operators
    Identity Operators
python comprasion operator:
These operators compare the values on either sides of them and decide the relation among them. 
They are also called Relational operators.
In general, statements are executed sequentially:
The first statement in a function is executed first, followed by the second, and so on. 
There may be a situation when you need to execute a block of code several number of times.
Programming languages provide various control structures that allow for more complicated execution paths.
A loop statement allows us to execute a statement or group of statements multiple times.
python also supports whileloop,forloop,nested loops.
Loop control statements change execution from its normal sequence.
The Python language has diversified application in the software development companies such as in gaming,
web frameworks and applications, language development, prototyping, graphic design applications, etc.
This provides the language a higher plethora over other programming languages used in the industry. 
